ETA's Apple BMW coca-cola Toyota we see
these famous brands everywhere but never
consider what their logos mean exactly
but every line curve and color has
meaning behind it most of them were
designed to indicate something much more
than simple beauty curious to know watch
the 16 famous logos with a hidden
meaning you've never noticed number 16
Hyundai many people think that the logo
of the South Korean company Hyundai is
simply the first letter of its name in
fact the letter H symbolizes two people
a client and a representative of the
company shaking hands that's very
thoughtful number 15
adidas the name adidas is derived from
that of its founder a doff Dassler the
company's logo has changed over time but
it has always included three stripes the
current logos three stripes at an angle
which together form a triangle this
symbolizes a mountain which in turn
represents the challenges that all
sportsmen have to overcome day after day
number 14
Apple robbed an off the designer who
came up with a world famous Apple
company logo explained his idea in one
of his interviews he bought a bag of
apples placed them in a bowl and spent
time drawing them for a week trying to
break the image down into something
simple taking a bite out of an apple was
part of the experiment completely by
coincidence he realized that bite
sounded exactly the same as the computer
turned fight isn't this guy top of his
field
[Music]
number thirteen vaio the first two
letters of the VAIO logo symbolize an
analog wave the last two are similar to
the numbers 1 & 0 that is symbols of a
digital signal number 12 Amazon at first
glance Amazon's logo appears to be
nothing special however it was designed
with a company's philosophy in mind the
orange arrow is similar to a smile
because the company wants its customers
to be satisfied the arrow is also
stretched between the letters a and Z in
a hint that the company sells absolutely
every product you can imagine number 11
Baskin Robbins the pink colored parts of
the B are section make up the number 31
which is how many ice-cream flavors
Baskin Robbins used to famously sell
have you tried them all number 10
Toyota many people compare the logo of
this Japanese car producer to an image
of a cowboy wearing a hat in fact it
represents a stylized image of a needle
eye with a thread passing through it
this is a hint at the company's past
they used to produce weaving machines
however the individual parts of the logo
also spell out the letters of the
company's name number nine Continental
Continental a famous car tire producer
has a logo in which the first two
letters depict a car wheel yeah
everything genial is simple
[Music]
number eight Formula one if you look
carefully at the white space between the
letter F and the red stripes you can see
the number one the red stripes are also
meant to be a graphical representation
of the high-speed of Formula one cars
number seven Pinterest on Pinterest
people collect images they like from
across the internet and pinned them to
their online boards that's why the image
of a pin is hidden in the letter P
simple and clear
number six beats
beats and audio equipment producer based
in the USA uses a logo in which the
letter B looks like headphones on a
person's head less definitely means more
number five Toblerone Toblerone the
famous chocolate company based in Bern
Switzerland has a silhouette of a bear
in its logo that's because Bern is
sometimes called a city of bears you can
see a lot of these animal figures
throughout the town in fountains at the
clock tower and even on buildings number
four BMW they say that the central part
of the logo symbolizes the rotating
blades of an airplane which is linked to
the company's early history of aviation
technology in fact it is simply a part
of the Bavarian flag the area of Germany
where the company originated number
three algae
the logo of this South Korean
electronics company is a stylized image
of a person's face according to the
company this represents its aspiration
to have ordinary human relations with
our customers number two Evernote's we
all know that elephants have impressive
memories they can remember both faces
and events
that's why Evernote a notetaking
application uses this animal as part of
the logo the corner of the elephant's
ear is folded over in a similar way how
people fold a corner of a page to make
notes number one Coca Cola in the
coca-cola logo in the space between the
letters O and Al you can clearly see the
Danish flag it's purely a coincidence
nevertheless coca-cola has used this as
part of its marketing campaigns in the
Scandinavian country thanks for watching
if you've enjoyed this video hit the
thumbs up button if you're visiting our
channel for the first time click
subscribe to stay with us on bright side